some issue templates (#3)
getsentry/.github: ISSUE_TEMPLATE/FEATURE_REQUEST.md

<!--

> Please provide some context on what problem you are having and how this feature is going to solve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide some context on what problem you are trying to solve and how this feature is going to help.

```
